[Thunder crashes]
[Heart beating]
[Thunder rumbling]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Beating stops]
[Bird squawking]
Man: Rick, Rick.
Long time, Rick.
[Gasps]
[Static]
[Sighing]
Martha: Good gracious.
Richard,
you look positively ghastly.
Good morning to you, too,
mother.
No, no, no. I'm speaking
as a concerned mother.
Are you sure you're not
coming down with anything?
Not at all. Never better.
Well, good.
Then my work here is done.
I'm off to see some open houses.
Hopefully to find
the apartment of my dreams. Ta!
Bye.
- Ta!
- Bye.
Ah, thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Mmm. Is Alexis gone, too?
Yeah. She had
an early-morning class.
[Sips]
So, you were restless again
last night.
What's going on?
Nothing.
Babe, you keep saying that,
and it keeps getting worse.
You were whimpering
in your sleep.
It's been every night
for a week.
So, come on. Talk to me.
It's just a dream.
So it's a recurring dream?
Okay. About what?
About when I went missing,
I think.
And so why didn't
you want to tell me about it?
Probably because I didn't
want to make a big deal of it.
But it is a big deal. You lost
two months of your life.
And you're dreaming
about it now?
- I don't think you should ignore this.
- I do.
Come on.
Everything is perfect right now.
You and I are in a great place.
Everyone else is.
I mean,
why go turning over stones
when the dreams will just
probably just go away?
Except they haven't gone away.
They're just getting worse.
Look at you.
You're stressed-out.
You're exhausted.
You haven't written a word in a week.
[Mug thuds]
Look, a-at least consider
seeing someone.
I know somebody
who may be able to help.
[Sighs]
Have you ever sought therapy
before, Mr. Castle?
Well, if you'd met my mother,
you'd know
the answer would be yes,
but, uh, by my nature,
I try to avoid introspection.
Well, let's get started.
What can you tell me
about your missing time?
[Sighs] Not much.
The last thing I remember,
I was driving to my wedding.
[Engine revs, tires squeal]
A black S.U.V. started chasing me.
Then I was forced off the road.
Two months later,
they found me in the middle
of the Atlantic ocean.
I had been exposed
to dengue fever.
I had a bullet scar with
no recollection how I got it,
no memory of anything.
I tracked down
a man named Jenkins,
who was involved somehow.
He, uh...
He told me the reason
I couldn't remember.
And you said
you didn't want to remember.
We went to great lengths
to make sure that you didn't.
Carter: And is it still the case
that you don't want to remember?
No.
I-I've tried
to put it behind me,
but it haunts me.
Not a day goes by I don't wonder
where I was, what I saw...
What I did.
Is it possible
my memories are coming back?
Well, dreams can be memories.
But more often
they're symbolic...
metaphoric expressions
of an issue or problem.
You're also a writer...
a creative person.
This could mean your mind
is building a narrative
to fill a two-month void.
[Inhales sharply]
I want to understand
these dreams...
what they mean and, uh...
If they're real.
Well, we could put you
in a relaxed state,
try to revisit the experience.
Hypnosis?
You have a pen and paper
if you wish to take notes.
You may open your eyes
and awaken at any time.
Are you ready to begin,
Mr. Castle?
Yeah.
Go back to the first image
you can recall of your dream.
What do you see?
[Inhales deeply]
I'm asleep on a boat.
On the ocean.
[Water lapping]
Man: Long time, Rick.
There's a man there.
He says hi to me.
[Echoing] Long time, Rick.
He knows me.
Do you know him?
He's familiar,
but I-I can't... place him.
Wow.
This really works.
Okay, there's something
familiar.
A trophy.
[Applause]
[Camera shutter clicks]
For some kind of sport?
Maybe. I-I can't tell.
Now someone's firing a pistol.
I see blood.
[Groaning]
There's a man on the floor.
He's been shot. He's dying.
I'm there, too.
I'm wearing camouflage paint.
I'm trying to help him, but...
Can you see
where you are right now?
[Metal rattling]
In a storage shed.
But it seems like
everything is moving.
[Clatter]
I'm in a truck. [Engine revs]
We're in the jungle.
And there's someone chasing us.
[Engine revs]
They're shooting at us.
[Gunfire]
There's a blond man in a truck.
He's leading the charge.
[Indistinct shouting] Faster!
- A military truck?
- No, it's a civilian truck.
[ Gunfire ] But it has a very...
strange...
license plate.
[Gunfire]
Uh-oh.
So the man you saw
was Chuck Norris?
No, he wasn't...
[Chuckling]
Chuck Norris. Of course not.
I mean,
that would be ridiculous and...
Super-duper cool.
But, no. He...
he looked like Chuck Norris.
Well, this was a very
productive first session,
Mr. Castle,
but I'm afraid our time is up.
Of course. Thank you.
Uh, Dr. Burke, can I, uh...
can I see you again tomorrow?
Well, I'll check,
but I want you to think
about the underlying meaning
of the dream.
Now, don't assume that
the images are actual memories.
Castle: I'm telling you, guys.
There's no doubt in my mind.
They are actual memories.
Even though Dr. Burke
said they might not be?
[Cellphone ringing]
It... Was our first session.
He was just being cautious.
But they felt real.
Because they... they are real.
So you were in jungle combat?
With Chuck Norris.
Ryan: Like "Missing in Action"?
The movie he did about
rescuing P.O.W.S from Vietnam?
Uh, only it wasn't Chuck Norris,
it wasn't a movie,
- and I wasn't in Vietnam.
- You got that right.
Because the license plate
that Tory is checking on...
the one I saw...
it had arabic characters.
Okay, so an arabic-speaking
country with a jungle?
Um... Yemen... Somalia.
Yeah, I guess so.
We'll know more when we track down
that Chuck Norris look-alike.
How do you plan on doing that?
That military skull tattoo
I told you about.
That could help I.D. him, right?
We'll see what we can find out.
But it's a long shot at best.
I know this seems impossible.
A lot of our cases do at first.
There's something there, Castle,
so we'll just follow it
and see where it leads.
I got something
on that license plate.
It turns out, this isn't arabic.
These are letters
in the thai alphabet.
What does it mean?
That the license plate
was registered in Chiang Mai,
a province in northern Thailand.
I was in Thailand,
getting shot at
with Chuck Norris?
S07E20
Sleeper
sync and corrected by ninh
www.addic7ed.com
Alexis: Kate?
Kate, are you awake?
Alexis, hey. Um...
What's... what's wrong?
Sorry. I have an exam,
but I didn't want to
leave dad like this.
He's kind of gone off
the deep end about Thailand.
Hey. Were you up all night?
I'm, uh, researching
armed conflicts
in northern Thailand
during the time I was missing.
Somehow, I must have been
part of one of them.
You find anything?
No, not yet. But I will.
You want to take a break,
maybe get some breakfast?
No, not until I figure this out.
I was there, Kate. I was there.
I was shot at,
which explains my bullet scar.
I was exposed to dengue fever,
a disease that's prevalent
in the region.
Everything fits.
But, Castle, why would you be
abducted on our wedding day
and end up in Thailand?
Worst bachelor party ever?
You know,
maybe Dr. Burke is right.
Maybe those images
that you saw in your dream
are not really your memories.
Oh, no. They're memories.
They're memories.
And you said follow them
wherever they go,
and this is where they go...
Thailand.
This is all about Thailand.
Okay, well, why don't we take
a step back from Thailand.
Why don't we take a look
at some of the other images,
like the... the trophy.
Eh, the trophy's irrelevant.
Well, it was in your dream
for a reason.
You said it was familiar.
In what way?
What did it look like?
Cheap. You know, something
that you would give a child.
Okay. So could it have been,
um, an award that Alexis won?
Maybe something that you won?
Something for writing?
[Camera shutter clicking]
[Applause]
I know what it is.
This is it.
This is the trophy. This is...
I, um... I won this in a...
in a debate competition
back at faircroft prep.
- Why would that be in your dream?
- I don't know, but...
Wait a minute.
Phillip Bartlett.
Who's Phillip Bartlett?
Phillip Bartlett and I,
we tied for first place.
We shared this trophy.
That man in my dream,
the one who says hello,
it was him.
I mean, he's my age now, but...
Phillip Bartlett.
Long time, Rick.
He's a part of this.
If I'm gonna track him down,
I'm gonna need you
to do a background check on him.
Okay, so now it's Chuck Norris
and some old buddy
from high school?
Come on, guys. I'm just asking
you to run Phillip Bartlett.
Look, Castle needs to know
what's going on.
What if these leads go nowhere?
Then he needs to know that,
as well.
Excuse me. Tory!
Hey, any more news
on that license plate?
A little...
the plate was registered
to a thai freight company that
went out of business in 1987.
1987?
Uh, how would Castle
see it on a truck
almost 30 years later?
I don't know.
It's possible
the plate was stolen, or...
Or what?
I ran an image search
of the plate.
Similar license plates appeared
in several action films,
during car-chase sequences.
Ah. So you think he might
have seen it in a film.
Maybe.
Martha. Hey. Uh, what's...
what's going on?
[Sighs]
Richard is completely obsessed,
and I am concerned about him.
I know. Me too.
He never spoke to me
about the missing time.
I thought he was at peace
with it. Didn't you?
Well, I guess
the dreams made him realize
that he wasn't at peace.
He chose to forget
those two months.
He must have had a very good
reason for wanting to do that.
I think looking into this
is a bad idea.
Martha, I-I don't think that
this is a choice for him.
I think that
he needs to know the truth.
What if he never
finds out the truth?
What if he never learns
anything?
Or worse, what if he finds out
something awful?
I'll be with him.
Wherever this leads.
And I promise you I am not
gonna let him go too far.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
[High-pitched ringing]
[Echoing] Long time, Rick.
[Ringing continues]
Phil: Long time, Rick.
Phil Bartlett.
Thank you for coming.
Well, I knew
it was only a matter of time
before I'd hear from you.
You were expecting my call?
Of course I was.
And I'm - I'm here for you.
Oh, thank God.
What a relief. Okay.
I need to talk to you
about Thailand.
What do you know about Thailand?
I was there. I saw you.
You're not supposed to know.
Nobody is.
And you can't tell anyone.
I won't. I won't. I promise.
As long as you tell me
your version of what happened.
I can't do that.
I need to know what you know.
What I'm about to say
can never be repeated.
Understood.
I was in Thailand to attend
an investment conference.
We hit this Bangkok nightclub.
Oh, she was so beautiful.
I thought she was a woman.
I swear to God.
Wait, what?
Um, no. I need you to tell me
about Chiang Mai.
Uh... I was never in Chiang Mai.
I was in Bangkok.
You said you saw me?
Yeah, but...
no, I-I didn't see that.
I think it's best that
we never speak of this again.
Wait, no. No. You were there.
I know you were.
Look, I don't know what kind
of game you're playing here...
It's not a game.
I-I saw our trophy...
the one we won for debate club.
You were expecting my call.
Why would you
be expecting my call?
Phillip Bartlett...
Bartlett-Braddock
wealth management.
I wanted to take you on
as a client.
Now not so much.
You know, for the record, I was
never a debate geek, all right?
I played lacrosse.
[Door opens]
It doesn't make any sense.
He has to be part of this.
He was in the dream.
Except we checked him out.
The first and only time
Phillip Bartlett traveled
to Thailand was a month ago,
and there's nothing that
connects him to all of this.
I even called Faircroft Prep.
They confirmed Phillip Bartlett
was not on the debate team.
I didn't share first place
with anyone.
Uh, babe, maybe you're taking
this whole dream thing
too literally.
Or maybe you've combined
two memories together.
No. I'm not making this up.
But what if...
What if this is "total recall"?
Not only did they erase
my memories,
but they replaced them
with false memories?
But the false memories
would have to be based
in reality, right?
Otherwise, why would
Phillip Bartlett be in them?
- Uh, Castle, listen to me...
- Detective Beckett? A word?
I've noticed
you've devoted resources
to running a background check
on Phillip Bartlett.
And tracing license plates
in Thailand?
Uh, sir, I was following up
on some new leads
about Castle's disappearance.
In connection to Chuck Norris?
Yeah. It's complicated.
Kate, I know how important
this is to him.
But these leads, are they solid?
Or is Mr. Castle
just grasping at straws?
[Sighs]
Esposito: Yo.
I dug into that tattoo.
That insignia...
that means Delta Force, right?
Yeah. It's also the title
of a Chuck Norris movie.
Yeah. Well, delta
guys don't advertise,
so whoever's wearing that ink
is no longer active duty.
It says here on the banner
that he's out
of the 75th ranger regiment,
3rd battalion, b company.
Now, I checked
with my boy at the Pentagon,
and there's only a handful of
guys with that service history
who match the guy
you said you saw.
Here you go.
Thank you for this, Esposito.
This is great.
So, he will be
in here somewhere.
Yeah, but he's not.
None of those guys
look like Chuck Norris.
You don't believe me, do you?
[Inhales deeply]
For my money, your story
about the missing two months
never added up.
It still doesn't.
This is the guy.
- Come on, Castle.
- No, this is the guy.
That guy looks nothing
like Chuck Norris.
He would with a beard.
And he lives right here
in the city.
His name is Jeff Powers...
honorable discharge in 2009,
then he worked as a contractor
in Iraq and Afghanistan.
This is just the kind of guy
who could be a mercenary
in Thailand.
He was there, Beckett.
He knows what happened.
I hope so, but if he doesn't,
then we need to take a breath
and discuss how to pursue this.
[Knock on door]
Or whethe to pursue it.
That won't be necessary.
All the answers are
right behind this door.
Castle! What are you doing?
It's okay. He knows me.
Jeff Powers?
It's Rick Castle from Thailand.
[TV chatter]
Your door was unlocked.
Just wanted to
ask you a few questions.
Castle.
That's him.
That's the guy in my dream.
Lanie: Well, needless to say,
that G.S.W. to the head
is the likely cause of death.
When did this happen?
Based on liver temp,
about midnight last night.
But I'll know more
once I do a full workup on him.
Castle starts remembering
this guy.
And all of a sudden,
he becomes a homicide victim?
That's kind of weird.
Yeah. It's not just weird.
It's suspicious.
Well, I was hoping to prove
Castle's story was true,
but not like this.
Yeah. Contact the next-of-kin.
Let's find out
what Jeff Powers was into.
Easier said than done.
His parents are dead,
no wife or siblings.
Hoping to track down a friend
or someone he served with.
But I'm on it.
[Camera shutter clicking]
Hey. How you doing?
On the bright side,
at least I'm not crazy.
Yeah, well,
I never thought you were.
Well, I sure thought I was.
You must have had
a few moments of doubt.
Do we have any idea
who killed him?
It's too soon to tell.
But we're gonna get
to the bottom of this.
[Sighs] What if it's my fault?
What if me poking around is
what got him killed?
Castle, how could that
even be possible?
I don't know. Maybe I'm being
followed or watched.
His death cannot be
a coincidence.
Yeah. It doesn't
seem like one, does it?
Well, I may know more
in 20 minutes.
You mean your appointment
with Dr. Burke?
Yeah, if I can remember
about Thailand,
it may help us
solve this murder.
Okay. Keep me close.
Always.
Hey, uh, Beckett?
Hey. Please tell me
we got something.
Well, I did find this...
a cocktail napkin from Exotica.
I take it that's a strip club?
Yeah. And this was
in the victim's pocket.
It could be
where he was last night
before he came home
and wound up dead.
- And it might be where he met our killer.
- Yeah.
I'll see if I can find out
who he spent time with
at, uh, Exotica.
Sure, I know Jeff.
He's a regular.
He's at the club
a few nights a week.
He's nice, always a gentleman.
Fact is, he was there
last night, right?
Was he there with somebody?
Just me.
Ryan: Amber, did you notice
if he talked to anyone,
or left with anyone?
[Chuckles]
Jeff wasn't much
for socializing.
Did he have any friends
that you know of?
Anybody ever stop by the club?
Hmm.
Yeah. One friend did.
- Who?
- Some army buddy.
He came in looking for Jeff.
He was in town, visiting,
and wanted to surprise him,
so he made me swear
not to say anything.
When was this?
Three days ago, maybe?
Ryan: Amber, this army buddy
of Jeff's...
do you think you remember
this guy well enough
to help us out with a sketch?
Sure.
Why? Is something
going on with Jeff?
Castle: It's not working.
I-I-I can't remember
anything new.
I keep coming up
with the same images.
Carter: Let's look at this
another way.
Perhaps the images came to you
for a reason.
- Something triggered them.
- Like what?
You began having this dream
over a week ago.
Did anything unusual occur
on that particular day?
Um... No.
I got up.
I had breakfast with Beckett.
She had to go to court.
Uh, I went to the gym.
And then?
I wrote for a while.
I wanted a change of scenery,
so I took my laptop
to the coffee shop...
There. What did
you just remember?
Just that when
I was at the coffee shop,
I-I got this strange, um, like
a buzzing, ringing in my ears.
Let's go back a week ago
to the coffee shop.
What were you doing
when this buzzing first started?
I was writing.
Or, rather, procrastinating.
I was stuck on a scene,
so I was just people-watching.
[Indistinct conversations]
Anyone you knew?
Or recognized?
No.
No, I don't think so.
Wait a minute. That ringing...
it started when I looked up
at the TV.
What was playing?
Something from the local news.
Darcy: April 15th
is only two days away.
This is the clip
you would have seen.
But, on the bright side,
many post offices
will be open extra late
to accept tax returns
from last-minute filers.
It's just some report
on tax day.
Maybe the buzzing
has nothing to do with this.
- Always file an extension.
- Just keep watching.
There's got to be
something else there.
The federal Plaza,
Church Street,
and Chinatown post offices will all have
extended hours [High-pitched ringing]
Wait. Um, pause it. Pause it.
Of course, the I.R.S...
[beep]
What is it?
Tory, zoom in
on that man right there.
[Keyboard clacking]
[Beeping]
I know him.
He was the one chasing us
in the truck.
Are you sure?
Yes, I'm sure.
He was in Thailand.
Esposito: Yo.
We got our sketch back
of the guy who showed up
at the strip club,
asking for Jeff Powers.
The same man.
First in Thailand,
now in New York.
Whoever he is,
he's at the center of this.
Just catching a glimpse
of his face
is what started all this.
It's what triggered my dreams.
But who is he?
What else
do you remember about him?
Uh, he was dressed
like a soldier.
You said he was yelling
at his men?
In what language?
[Gunfire] Faster! Faster!
He was speaking English.
So, was he American? British?
No. I-I think he had an accent.
Esposito: So European, maybe.
I'll run his photo through
interpol, see if they know him.
And I'll have unis canvass
where that video was taken
and see if anyone in that
neighborhood recognizes him.
Thanks, guys.
Okay, what else can we do?
Castle, you can't be a part
of this. Not anymore.
What do you mean? I have to be.
We don't know this man's agenda.
No, no, Beckett. I need to be...
What you need to do is
go back to the loft
and stay there.
Now, I've assigned
a security detail to you.
- Why would I be a target?
- I don't know. And neither do you.
But he was shooting at you
in Thailand.
And he just killed Jeff Powers,
your Chuck Norris look-alike.
Now, l.T. is gonna
drive you home.
And if I refuse?
Then he'll drive you home
in handcuffs.
Just for the record?
Extremely bitter.
I'll call you
if we find anything.
[Cellphone ringing]
[Beep]
Beckett.
Lanie, hey. What did you find?
Well, for one thing, Mr. Powers'
blood work came back.
He had antibodies
for dengue fever.
Just like Castle.
Similar strain, too.
But the main attraction is
what I found in the man's mouth.
Huh. Rather,
what you didn't find.
What happened to his teeth?
They were pried out...
eight of them...
shortly before he died.
So Powers was tortured first.
Revenge?
Or the killer
wanted information.
Did he leave
any evidence behind?
I'm afraid not.
Looks like he wore latex gloves.
I found traces of talc
in the victim's mouth.
The gloves
would have been bloody.
The killer would
have to get rid of them.
They could have
his prints or DNA on them.
Right, but those gloves could be anywhere.
How would we find them?
The department has bloodhounds.
Call the K-9 unit,
have them deploy bloodhounds
to search near
Powers' apartment building.
[Siren wailing]
[Indistinct conversations]
Thanks.
[Sighs]
Find the gloves yet?
Oh, nothing so far.
Yeah, not with my team either.
Well, the dogs
may still come through.
I'm not so sure.
For all we know,
the killer didn't even
toss his gloves.
So what? He's just walking
around with bloody latex?
Nah. He could have put them in a
ziploc bag, could have burned them.
Yeah, the thing of it is,
even if we find the gloves
and get the killer's prints
or DNA and we do I.D. this guy,
he's probably long gone by now.
- Based on what?
- Well, if he wanted information,
he probably got it
from Jeff Powers,
yanking out all of his teeth.
No. A soldier like Powers?
His training?
No, he'd die
before he spilled his guts.
I hope you're wrong about that.
'Cause if our killer
was after information,
he may think Castle has it.
Hey. I thought you said you were
staying at a friend's tonight.
No. Uh, you said
I was staying at a friend's.
Oh. Well, then,
you should have listened.
I wanted to be here with you.
I know this isn't
just another case.
Oh, yeah. Listen...
yesterday morning in my office.
I know I was a little Doc Brown,
"Back to the Future."
[Sighs]
What really went on
in Thailand, dad?
I know you must have a theory.
Uh, believe me, I have dozens.
Which one scares you the most?
I don't need you to protect me.
I'm not a kid anymore.
I'm not afraid
to hear the truth.
That's right.
You aren't, are you?
Why not let me in?
I wanted to forget everything.
So in my darkest moments,
I wonder if I...
did something terrible.
I know you.
You would never do anything bad.
I could never leave
the love of my life,
desert her and you
for two months.
And somehow I did.
[Cellphone rings]
[Beep]
Castle. [Elevator bell dings]
How did we I.D. This guy?
By way of a bloodhound
named Cujo.
Cujo sniffed out
a paper bag in a storm drain
about four blocks away
from the crime scene.
The bag contained latex gloves.
And we're sure these gloves
belong to the killer?
Yeah. The bag
had teeth in it, too.
In any case,
CSU was able to pull prints.
We got a hit off ECRIS,
European fingerprint network.
So the killer's European?
He's Russian. Ilya Golovkin.
Castle,
does that name sound familiar?
No. Who is he?
Esposito:
He served in Spetsnaz...
Russian special forces...
then moved on to the former KGB.
The Russians are behind this?
Mm, doubtful. He left Russia
five years ago and disappeared.
Since then, word is
that he's been responsible
for over two dozen
assassinations.
Ryan: Including politicians,
dissident journalists,
protected witnesses,
even a Vatican banker.
Golovkin's the guy you call
when you have a job
that no one else can do.
Castle, if Golovkin is involved,
then whatever's going on,
whatever you were a part of,
it's something big.
Here you go.
How do we even track down
a guy like Golovkin?
We called in reinforcements.
We're coordinating with the FBI.
Every state and federal
law-enforcement agency
is looking for this guy.
And when we find him,
you will have your answers.
He's the only person
who knows the truth.
[High-pitched ringing]
There's at least
one other person who knows.
I need to see Powers' file.
Exactly what
are you hoping to find?
We already went over
what little there is on Powers.
Yes, but you were looking
for his killer.
I'm looking for this guy.
Jenkins is
the mastermind behind this,
or mastermind-adjacent.
He was probably in Thailand.
For all I know, he was driving
the truck I was in.
Castle, we could never
locate Jenkins,
much less find his real name.
But maybe now we can.
If Jenkins had contact
with Powers,
there may be evidence in here
that can lead us to him.
Yo. We got a hit off that A.P.B.
A transit cop thinks
he just saw Golovkin get off
a subway stop
at Sheridan Square.
That's half a block
from Jeff Powers' apartment.
Yeah. Maybe he went back there.
Castle, stay put, okay?
- Yeah. You be careful.
- I will.
ESU's got my back.
The seal is cut.
Someone went inside.
He might still be there.
Okay, go.
- Police! NYPD!
- NYPD!
Man: Detectives, over here.
Esposito: That's Amber,
the stripper.
Golovkin must have
questioned her.
Now he knows we're onto him.
Bringing her here was his way
of rubbing our faces in it.
Yeah, but what's his angle?
What's he after?
I don't know,
but whatever it is,
he's not gonna stop
until he gets it.
Good evening, sir.
How may I help you?
Actually,
I'm working with the NYPD.
I was wondering if
I could ask you a few questions.
Have you ever seen this man?
Mr. Jeff... of course.
He's a regular customer
here at Sunil's café.
Very regular.
In fact,
for the past six months,
he's come here, without fail,
every Tuesday at 6:00 p.m.
Was he meeting anyone?
No. He always dines alone.
What about this man?
Have you ever seen him
or the two of them together?
No. He's not familiar to me.
- I'm sorry.
- Of course.
Thank you for your time.
Hey.
Who are you?
You should never have come.
If you're here,
it means that I'm a dead man.
I thought
you already were a dead man.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You're not going anywhere
until you tell me
what the hell's going on.
[Sighs]
Fine.
We must leave. Now.
Where are we going?
[Muffled conversations]
What is this place?
They promised me
you wouldn't remember.
How did you find me?
Jeff Powers.
Powers would never talk.
Unless...
He's dead, isn't he?
[Scoffs] When?
- Yesterday.
- Was it the Russian?
You know about the Russian? How?
This is even worse than I thought.
[Dialing]
Who are you calling?
This is icarus.
I've got a code 7-9-1.
[Beep]
What does that mean?
Just tell me who you are.
I'm Bilal.
Bilal Khan.
You really don't know me.
I know you were
in the truck, wounded.
Long before that,
I was your friend.
What are you talking about?
I was an exchange student
at Faircroft Prep in 11th grade.
You weren't. I'd remember that.
Not anymore.
[Breathing heavily]
You see?
The two of us, together.
The good old days.
That's the trophy...
the one I thought I won
with Phil Bartlett.
That's because they had to erase
all your memories of me
and replace them
with somebody else.
Who are "they"?
I can't believe
they picked Phil Bartlett.
W-what a douchebag.
Listen, Bilal...
I-it's Bilal, right?
Even if what you said is true
a-and we knew each other
in 11th grade...
You even consulted with me
when you wrote your first,
uh, Derrick storm book.
Consulted about what?
Terrorism.
Since I was working with, uh,
Pakistani intelligence,
I was something of an expert
on the topic.
Okay, but how does that explain
Jeff Powers?
Why would he come
to the restaurant every Tuesday?
To check in with me.
He was my handler,
my C.I.A. handler.
And now my cover's blown.
Your cover? So you're a spy?
Not a spy.
Look, after I left
the intelligence service,
I lost my way.
I joined Al-qaeda.
[Door opens]
You were in Al-qaeda?
[Clatter] Can you please
keep your voice down?
Yes, I was.
I rose up to become a part
of their senior leadership.
And now you're bussing tables
and you live here?
I chose this life.
It's my penance.
I wanted to leave Al-qaeda,
and I had inside knowledge
about that organization.
So I struck a deal
with American intelligence
to trade what I knew
for a second chance.
You defected.
[Chuckling] If you like.
I hid in a Buddhist monastery
in Thailand
where I was supposed to
meet my C.I.A. contact
and get safe passage
to the United States.
But things didn't go as planned.
And what does any of this have
to do with me? Why was I there?
Because I needed you.
Needed me? Needed me for what?
I was about to turn myself
over to the C.I.A.
When my contact was killed
by a bullet
that was meant for me.
Now, the rendezvous point was
supposed to be a secret.
Which means there was a leak.
I could trust no one.
I-I had some leverage,
so I agreed to meet again,
but only in the company
of somebody I trusted,
somebody I knew.
Somebody [Chuckles]
too prominent to be eliminated.
I knew only one such man... you.
How did we end up in that truck?
The Russian had been hunting me,
hired by Al-qaeda.
He finally caught up with me.
That's how you got wounded.
- Was I wounded, too?
- Fortunately, no.
[Car approaches]
- My ride's here.
- I still have a lot of questions.
There's no more time.
I-I'm sorry, Rick.
Look, I was the cause
of much upheaval in your life.
Please know
that was never my intention.
In fact,
I have the deepest gratitude
for everything that you've done.
I just wish
I could remember what it was.
As do I.
I doubt we'll meet again.
Be well.
Come away from the light.
Come.
Look, I'm... I'm...
I'm not part of this.
I know absolutely nothing.
It does not matter.
[Silenced gunshot]
[Thud]
I thought
we had an understanding
that you wouldn't pursue this.
Jenkins.
Well, you'll have to forget
about Bilal Khan
and everything else
that's occurred tonight.
Are you gonna help me to forget?
We'd prefer not to.
Yes, well... Thank you for that.
Oh, and, uh...
[Grunts]
That's for making me miss
my wedding day.
[Grunts]
[Panting]
You have no idea
how lucky you are, Mr. Castle.
[Inhales sharply]
As for missing your wedding,
that was unavoidable,
- if it's any consolation.
- It's not.
You dragged me
halfway across the world.
You owe me an explanation.
I'm not at liberty
to give you one.
Well, then I'm not at liberty
to forget about Bilal Khan.
Or Golovkin here.
- Mr. Castle...
- What?
You gonna kill me? You can't.
Raise too many questions.
That's why you brought me
back from Thailand,
minus my memory.
I was gone two months
thanks to you.
I missed my wedding.
What couldn't wait one more day?
There was a ticking clock.
We'd picked up chatter
about a major Al-qaeda strike
in the U.S.
We knew it was hours away
and there was never enough time
for us to put the pieces
together in order to stop it.
But Bilal knew about the strike.
Names, places,
operational details, yeah.
We were desperate
for Bilal and his intel.
And when his contact was killed,
we needed you to get Bilal.
And he came through.
We were able to
prevent the strike,
and we neutralized
everyone involved.
That's all I can tell you.
And I expect you
not to repeat it.
Think of it this way...
yeah, you missed your wedding,
but you also saved
tens of thousands of lives.
You should leave now,
Mr. Castle.
You saved tens
of thousands of lives?
And went on a secret mission
to Thailand?
Yes. Unfortunately, I cannot
divulge any further specifics.
If you told us,
you'd have to kill us.
You mock,
but it is for your own safety.
I guess what really matters is,
you found out the truth, dad,
and the good news is,
it didn't turn out to be
your worse-case scenario.
Yeah, bad news is,
I can't brag about
my heroic exploits to anyone.
- Mm.
- Oh.
Though you're kind of
doing that right now.
Totally.
[Both chuckle]
- I have to go study.
- See you.
You know, darling, Alexis and I
do not need to know the details.
But I do hope
you can tell Katherine.
Of course.
[Door opens] Beckett: Hey.
I got here as soon as I could.
Never soon enough.
I'm just glad that you're okay.
Um, don't tell Alexis or mother
about the Russian-assassin part.
I left that out of the story.
Yeah, well, um, there's no proof
of what happened in that alley.
By the time uniforms got there,
his body was already gone.
If Jenkins can
get rid of memories,
getting rid of a body
would be child's play.
I am so sorry, Kate,
for everything
I put you through.
Babe, it's not like
you were partying in Thailand.
You have the best excuse ever
for missing our wedding.
You were saving the world.
Yeah. Still a lot
of unanswered questions, though.
Like how did I get shot?
Why was I gone for two months?
Yeah. You may not
know everything.
No. But I know enough.
- Let's drink to that.
- Yeah.
[Glasses clink] [Chuckles]
sync and corrected by ninh
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org